docs/rules/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed.md, before:

---
title: "es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed"
description: "disallow the `String.prototype.{isWellFormed,toWellFormed}` methods"
since: "v7.1.0"
---

# es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed
> disallow the `String.prototype.{isWellFormed,toWellFormed}` methods

- ✅ The following configurations enable this rule: [no-new-in-esnext]

This rule reports ES2024 [`String.prototype.{isWellFormed,toWellFormed}` methods](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-is-usv-string) as errors.

## 💡 Examples

⛔ Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

<eslint-playground type="bad">

```js
/*eslint es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed: [error, { aggressive: true }] */
"str".isWellFormed()
"str".toWellFormed()
```

</eslint-playground>a

## 🔧 Options

This rule has an option.

```yaml
rules:
  es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed: [error, { aggressive: false }]
```

### aggressive: boolean

Configure the aggressive mode for only this rule.
This is prior to the `settings['es-x'].aggressive` setting.

## 🚀 Version

This rule was introduced in v7.1.0.

## 📚 References

- [Rule source](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-es-x/blob/master/lib/rules/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed.js)
- [Test source](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-es-x/blob/master/tests/lib/rules/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed.js)

[no-new-in-esnext]: ../configs/index.md#no-new-in-esnext

Commit message:

feat!: separate rules by features

docs/rules/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed.md, after:

---
title: "es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed"
description: "disallow the `String.prototype.{isWellFormed,toWellFormed}` methods"
since: "v7.1.0"
---

# es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed
> disallow the `String.prototype.{isWellFormed,toWellFormed}` methods

- 🚫 This rule was deprecated and replaced by [es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed](./no-string-prototype-iswellformed.md),[es-x/no-string-prototype-towellformed](./no-string-prototype-towellformed.md) rules.

This rule reports ES2024 [`String.prototype.{isWellFormed,toWellFormed}` methods](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-is-usv-string) as errors.

## 💡 Examples

⛔ Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

<eslint-playground type="bad">

```js
/*eslint es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed: [error, { aggressive: true }] */
"str".isWellFormed()
"str".toWellFormed()
```

</eslint-playground>a

## 🔧 Options

This rule has an option.

```yaml
rules:
  es-x/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed: [error, { aggressive: false }]
```

### aggressive: boolean

Configure the aggressive mode for only this rule.
This is prior to the `settings['es-x'].aggressive` setting.

## 🚀 Version

This rule was introduced in v7.1.0.

## 📚 References

- [Rule source](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-es-x/blob/master/lib/rules/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed.js)
- [Test source](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-es-x/blob/master/tests/lib/rules/no-string-prototype-iswellformed-towellformed.js)
